hello everybody and welcome back to
let's flip central to and I hope all of
you have a great personal asst or
Hanukkah or a whatever and got some good
prisons I just call out three and
tamales giveaway couscous whatever
anyway this sounds of Saudi you're gonna
be there and do recruiting if you hurry
up you can take all those assholes out
but the celebration is not over yet
because new year is coming and
personally I Love New Year's they're so
awesome but for now let's save these
nerds from big up becoming some sounds
of Semitic goons save the nerd what is
that dude doing here let's just keep
away I'm killing this sense of somatic
gasps hello there
oh come on I totally hit him the face oh
there we go okay let's go to the Student
Union just spraying bullets let's kill
them all before they kill us
well this wasn't part of my plans eating
that burger how about no come on
everybody get on the prole let's get
some money whoa what happens to them I
didn't do anything why are you shooting
it's me I didn't make you all guys you
guys burn what did that that and no I
don't want to know oh my god very gerse
you die now and so do you let's take
some joint aw man that look good
ah don't cry there you go oh that's not
nice maybe you think that's nice but I
don't think that's nice to shoot me in
the face that's not very nice that's not
nice at all i can tell you that much so
don't do that in the future when you
leave me again in the afterworld I came
from behind you and now it success I
guess and that wine what is pretty head
and wells that's awesome
well not really oh boy money come on is
good it's good I guess I shall go do
that they're still like six minutes left
until I meet the stupid YouTube time
limit Oh God stick this car oh no the
covers are after me
don't go my way
you look my back covers
you guys get up my neighborhood or else
I have to kill you oh that's too late
now because I killed you to expense of
course you're not
rain bullets again
Oh No
ah
ah crazy man
is I called it a gun and I'm pretty sure
it's a gun if you don't think it's a gun
than yours dude but that's fine for me I
guess and let's see we call that a wheel
and let's see on the next heart